first defeat of Real Madrid in
anoeta where the real society does not
I managed to defeat the white team today
of lila for 10 years and the hug
friendly between the coach of the real
madrid and that of the real society and the
real madrid that started sending like this
got the first goal of the match in
the 6th minute sergio boumos de cabeza
in the center and impeccable finish and
unstoppable of the central of the Real Madrid
later the same certain branch
send bs ball to the crossbar
realmadrid very superior to the real one
society in the first minutes of
party after the thing would change
there we go the repetition of the launch
from sergio ramos that could have been the
0 to 2 insisted the real Madrid
and the result of the insistence the second one
the pain
in that action with the left foot
achieved 0 to 2 in 11 minutes
few believed in the comeback of the royal
society
and probably if in the volley of the real
madrid that had more opportunities as
here one of marcelo
but he forgave and in the end he finished
paying
james benzema and marcelo
Marcelo again and adorning himself
heel touch isco is going to center and
marcelo forces zubikarai to send the
ball to corner
and there again sergio bouquets about to
achieve a new goal for the real
madrid again head back to the
exit from a run there
let's see the first notice of the real
society
zurutuza leaving the ball that tops
barn intercepts sergio bouquets
and the clash later between carvajal
and the zurutuza himself
first notice of the txuri urdin set
and gareth bale leaving a ball for toni
kroos
but put the right leg to zubikarai
saving furniture and recovery
de toni kroos takes the ball
gareth bale returns for the German that
does not hit and this is the first goal of
the real society
the goal of íñigo martínez after
xabi prieto in strategy move
combed the ball on the first stick
the center of prieto
and the ego
by iñigo martínez
obviously this goal gave wings to
txuri urdin set
there is a center of beauty
and the zurutuza auction
getting the equalizer in the
last moments of the first half
the real society that cleared doubts of
less to more I do not know if he was a player
of soccer or a steamroller and zurutuza
in that auction with the test
the draw at 2 in anoeta
already in the second half the real society
absolutely thrown showed his weapons
at the beginning agirretxe had it with the
head out for little
the real society that would be launched there is
that detail of channels leaving the ball
for xabi prieto and donated the both
zero cough was 32 in the 65th minute against
the delirium
of the txuri hobby order
and I do to arrasate breathed easy
had been very questioned after the
elimination
of the Europa League and also after the
first missteps in the league against eibar
xabi prieto zurutuza
and the goal and here the fourth the Mexican
Carlos candle
the young people of real madrid 'that
they protested understanding that
the end had been helped with the arm
the fourth goal of the real society that
went up to the marker
there is your vi caray
and in the center the combed ball
and the auction of carlos vela
and the real Madrid trying to reduce
the distance on the score and that
sami khedira's head shot went out
narrowly
he knows he will say he entered the second
half
where the real madrid walked a lot
lost james probably his best
action
the Colombian who continues in his period of
adaptation
will be located and caught in two stages
Real Madrid tried it but without
get your goal to she had karim
half-turn benzema
victory of the real society clears the
doubts about the start of the season the real
madrid- increases them